API-1394: Quick start my first webhook by receiving data on mockbin (#443)
akeneo/pim-api-docs: content/getting-started/quick-start-my-first-webhook/welcome.md

# 👋 Welcome to this tutorial!

This tutorial will teach you:
> How to connect a PIM event subscription to your own app

## Goal

> This is the very first tutorial to follow. In the end, you will:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the very first tutorial to follow. At the end, you will:
```

- be sure that the PIM is well configured to push data from PIM event subscriptions to your app. :mailbox_with_mail:

## Prerequisite

> <i class="fa fa-check-square"></i> **You have access to a 5.x Akeneo PIM.**  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<i class="fa fa-check-square"></i> **You have access to a Serenity or 5.x Akeneo PIM.**  
```

> This can seem pretty obvious. But yeah! You will need a PIM if you want to make it work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can seem pretty obvious. But yes, you will need a PIM if you want to make it work.
```

> The webhook feature is not available before so, if you're not running a v5.x or greater you should think about updating your PIM!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The webhook feature is not available before so, if you're not running a v5.x or higher you should think about updating your PIM!
```

<i class="fa fa-check-square"></i> **A well configured Connection.**  
To create a new connection, you can follow this tutorial [The connection creation](/getting-started/your-first-tutorial-4x/step-1.html).

> <i class="fa fa-check-square"></i> **Event subscription are configured on the Connection.**  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<i class="fa fa-check-square"></i> **Event subscriptions are configured at your connection level.**  
```

> Last, if your PIM is not already configured to send events, follow this documentation [What is the event subscription?](https://help.akeneo.com/pim/serenity/articles/what-is-the-event-subscription.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Last, if your PIM is not already configured to send events, follow this documentation about [What is the event subscription?](https://help.akeneo.com/pim/serenity/articles/what-is-the-event-subscription.html).
```

Reviewer: check link -> an au lieu de the

It explains how to setup the PIM and the connection.

That's it! :tada:

> ::: panel-link Let's move to the first step of this tutorial [Receive my first data](/getting-started/quick-start-my-first-webhook/step-1.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::: panel-link Let's move on to the first step of this tutorial [Receive my first data](/getting-started/quick-start-my-first-webhook/step-1.html)
```
